2. How would you sync striped payments received on a daily basis?

there are a few ways this can be achieved, using the dashboard and the API.

You can have emails sent to you directly for any payments you receive, along with
a few other options on your account setting page.
I'll attach a link below:
https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/user

If you were looking for a report of all payments you received in one day, you can export
 your payments page, by tapping the "Export" button on the top right of the page below:
https://dashboard.stripe.com/payments

as for the API, to can amend calls to stripe.charges.list. Specifically you can pick all charges created
on a specific day, and so potentially every day.

var stripe = require("stripe")("sk_test_PQe478mHGjjy9fl8ZBuHr7ry");

stripe.charges.list(
  { limit: 3 },
  function(err, charges) {
    // asynchronously called
  }
);

  To receive funds for payments you’ve processed, Stripe makes deposits (payouts)
 of your available account balance into your bank account. This account balance is comprised
 of different types of transactions (e.g., payments, refunds, etc.).

Once you start processing with Stripe, your first payout is made 7-10 days after your first successful
payment is received. Subsequent payouts are then processed according to your account’s payout schedule.
This allows Stripe to mitigate some of the risks inherent in providing credit services.
Your bank account information is required when activating your account. The type of bank account information
required depends on where your bank account is located.

for Spain, an account with a 24 character IBAN is all that is required.
By default, Stripe automatically creates payouts of your available account balance based on the
 schedule specified in the Dashboard. The schedule used is dependent on your country and whether your
  business operates in a higher-risk industry.

When it comes to payouts, for users based in Spain, at this time Stripe are only able to do it on a
 7-day rolling payout schedule. Keep in mind, you will receive a payout daily from 7 days prior.
 This means charges made on Monday will be bundled together and paid to you on the following Monday.
 A Payout object is created when you receive funds from Stripe, or when you initiate a payout to either a bank
 account or debit card of a connected Stripe account. You can retrieve individual payouts, as well as list
  all payouts

 When using automatic payouts, the payout_schedule property on an account indicates how often the Stripe
 account’s balance is automatically paid out:

{
  ...
  "payout_schedule": {
    "delay_days": 7,
    "interval": "daily"
  },
  ...
}

When a payment is first received, it is initially reflected as a pending balance (less any Stripe fees).
 This balance becomes available according to your payout schedule. For instance, it takes seven days from
 a payment being received to it being paid out for Stripe accounts on a 7-day rolling schedule.
Most banks deposit payouts into your bank account as soon as they are received, though some may take a
few extra days to make them available.
